the actor I will actually close during
five to ten French points between
organize in- built spirit and
program because it is personal with
my biggest 11 hours will be that I can
see my biggest dream are parties
country sweet pizzas that his father in
December I still tried it now
control not to live anything because
of poisoned wine
I'm for us, I'm thinking of him
first hand I'm going to have a program
television
also hallelujah can not speak we can
count more shades of green is
besides the projects that I do not
I will need purposes that are in surplus
when I saw when I got a project in
completely innovative vision design
You key and I'm 110 there how it is
the center is that at least there is nothing
right vents the time did not see who
I want to travel do not sweat throughout the year
passed the right to include steam
I have not come to pick up 15 to choose will be
the project will innovate your program will
changing our television station is the
program has Sunday total
it's a pleasure to direct census data
Obviously it's a problem.
they were right but they were not careful
to participate
another ash center as it is obvious and which are
all subjects that will participate can not
also be offered to the movement because
I want you to continue to be the platform
main platform
however much your mission will always be
ricardo ferraço nelci is back and when I
how does it come out because it really is
unbelievable she wants the words
the television program and how it is
that is possible and less than two years ago
ago I had no projects in the
start
in the end on Tuesday played the daughters
event is to do my best only
is finally used if the time
study to increase the voice and sounds of trash I
I can tell you right, that's it.
prestige of the project involves the
to be able to discount more things and others
sectors concerned will be able to agree more
things to say if you will use the team to
you want the final function -
cat vision there is our management will be
a problem for us
Until then I hope they're still there.
thank you for everything one more time one big
required to run everything to near
green water and so you want it
courses that is the syndrome the goals that
give more information
believe you guys will be the first to
know why salt